Update Puppet guide for OpenVox (#4766)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_openvox-versions-supported-for-integration-with-project.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

```

> [id="openvox-versions-supported-for-integration-with-project"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="openvox-versions-supported-for-integration-with-{project-context}"]
```

= OpenVox versions supported for integration with {Project}

[role="_abstract"]
Before you begin with the Puppet integration, review which versions of the OpenVox server and OpenVox agent are supported for integration with {Project}.

OpenVox Server 8 is supported on {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServers}.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The Puppet modules you are using must be compatible with the supported version of OpenVox server.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention Ruby 3.2 here? It might make it easier for users to check if their modules are compatible.

Author: I'm not sure, actually. Ruby 3.2 is relevant for OpenVox 8 at the moment. The specific Ruby version might change with a later update to OpenVox server. So perhaps it's best to mention Ruby 3.2 only in the upgrading guide?

Reviewer 3: It's slightly more complex than that, but agreed that Ruby 3.2 is really a small detail of it. In practice you have many pieces that need to be compatible.

You have a Puppet environment, which is a collection of Puppet modules (and some other bits, but let's ignore that for now). That Puppet environment is executed in some places.

It's safe to say that all Puppet modules in a Puppet environment need to be compatible with the running server (be it Puppet or OpenVox). Also very easy to check because you know the server version. I'd suggest this minor rephrasing:

```suggestion
The Puppet modules you are using must be compatible with the running version of OpenVox server.
```

For simplicity, it's safe to say all your Puppet modules need to be compatible with all versions of the agents using your Puppet environment. In practice that means you need wider support because you usually don't upgrade all your hosts at once.

Practical example of how upgrades typically go:
* Start situation
  * foreman.example.com runs Puppetserver 7
  * host-a.example.com runs puppet-agent 7
  * host-b.example.com runs puppet-agent 7
  * Conclusion: all your modules need to be compatible with Puppet 7
* Upgrade server
  * foreman.example.com runs OpenVox server 8
  * host-a.example.com runs puppet-agent 7
  * host-b.example.com runs puppet-agent 7
  * Conclusion: all your modules need to be compatible with Puppet 7 and OpenVox 8
* Upgrade host-a
  * foreman.example.com runs OpenVox server 8
  * host-a.example.com runs OpenVox 8
  * host-b.example.com runs puppet-agent 7
  * Conclusion: all your modules need to be compatible with Puppet 7 and OpenVox 8
* Upgrade host-b
  * foreman.example.com runs OpenVox server 8
  * host-a.example.com runs OpenVox 8
  * host-b.example.com runs OpenVox 8
  * Conclusion: all your modules need to be compatible with OpenVox 8

Users MUST have a pre-upgrade server step where they need to ensure OpenVox 8 support.
Users MAY have a post-upgrade hosts step where they can drop Puppet 7 support.

Author: That's a great write-up of the upgrade process. @AkshayGadhaveRH and @ekohl, do you think it's something that should be captured in https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/4769?

Reviewer 2: @aneta-petrova yeah I think it'll be better that I record it in the upgrading guide.

====

> OpenVox Agent 8 is supported on {Project} hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVox Agent 8 is supported on hosts.
```

Author: I'd like to keep the specific reference here. We are documenting a cross-product situation (OpenVox / Foreman) so the extra keyword here and there helps.

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="supported-openvox-and-puppet-versions_{context}"]
= Supported OpenVox and Puppet versions

[role="_abstract"]
Before you begin with the Puppet integration, review the supported OpenVox and Puppet versions.

The following versions of the OpenVox server are supported on {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServers}:

> * OpenVox 8

Author: I was asked to link to OpenVox 8 system requirements here (just like we now link to [Puppet requirements](https://www.puppet.com/docs/puppet/7/system_requirements.html)) but I didn't find an OpenVox equivalent in their docs.

Reviewer 3: There's https://voxpupuli.org/openvox/ but I don't see requirements either. @bastelfreak or @binford2k have you had any discussions on providing a similar page for OpenVox?

====
The Puppet modules you use must be compatible with the OpenVox Server version you run.
====

OpenVox Agent 8 is supported on hosts registered to {Project}.

Additionally, Puppet agent 7 remains compatible with OpenVox in {Project} as a legacy alternative.

> If the hosts registered to {Project} run Puppet agent 7, they can still integrate with the OpenVox implementation in {Project}.

Author: A great suggestion, let's just reduce the ambiguity just a little bit...
```suggestion
Hosts registered to {Project} that run Puppet agent 7 can still integrate with the OpenVox implementation in {Project}.
```

The Puppet modules you use must be compatible with the OpenVox Server version you run.
====

OpenVox Agent 8 is supported on hosts registered to {Project}.

Additionally, Puppet agent 7 remains compatible with OpenVox in {Project} as a legacy alternative.

> If the hosts registered to {Project} run Puppet agent 7, they can still integrate with the OpenVox implementation in {Project}.

Reviewer 3: Feel free to ignore my phrasing suggestion, but is this better?
```suggestion
Hosts registered to {Project} running Puppet agent 7 can still integrate with the OpenVox implementation in {Project}.
```
